Version 1.15.1
---------------------------------
Minor UI improvements

Fix a bug preventing entries from being deleted.

Actually cap framerate at 60 this time

Prevent the database from being modified when current db operation has not finished
This should prevent corrupting the database file on very slow machines and/or very large database files.

Add excluding entries by tag
Entries can now be filtered-out via tags. Simply right click on the tag's name in Tag Manager or use the
new -Tag button in the filtering drop-down to create exclusive tags.

Add new statistics page
This is a second attempt at implementing a statistics view. For now, the view shows the total number of entries,
as well as the breakdown of entry 'completion state'. Plans are to add more entry details as well as graphs.

Version 1.15.0
---------------------------------
Fix saving / loading database via browser menu not working at all.

Add keyboard shortcut for `Save Database As...`

Minor UI improvements

Add Tag Manager
This displays all the tags in the database. It can be used to quickly filter between
tags.

Add a counter for total entries in database under Entry menu.

Cap frame rate at 60

Add support for URLs
This includes linking an arbitrary number of URLs to each entry. There is also a barebones URL manager
for creating / removing global URLs that can then be applied to each entry. The URLs can be opened in
the browser by clicking on them, or removed via right-clicking. This requires some further refinement,
for example on how to determine which browser to open the links with.

Fix a bug with Tag Filter's input field

Version 1.14.0
---------------------------------
Add new completion status: On-Hold

Minor performance improvements.

Fix a bug where new tag text input was not always cleared.

Fix a bug where Edit Notes was using a wrong ImGui flag.

Fix a bug preventing saving and loading the database via browser from working.

Version: 1.13.0 (2023-11-01)
---------------------------------
Add tags
You can now assign an arbitrary number of tags to each entry in the database.
The entries can be filtered by tags

Version: 1.12.0 (2023-10-28)
---------------------------------
Add filtering
Entries can now be filtered based on most of their attributes.
The previous Entry name fuzzy filtering has been renamed to `search` as it better describes the function.

Add MS Windows support

Add option to clear the list of recently opened files

Excella window is now maximized by default

Improve database loading / creation behavior
On boot excella will behave as the following:
The config file is loaded. If it does not exist, the CWD is used to create `excella.db`. If this fails, the application exits.
If the config file does exist, and default db path is specified, excella will attempt to create it. On success, the db is used, on fail, the application will exit.

Disable statistics page.
This feature will either be completely re-written or entirely removed in a future version.

Add new type `u64`
Replace all instances of size_t with u64. On an amd64 machine, they are both 8 unsigned bytes, so this currently makes no functional difference.

Fix creating new entry while search / filter active would not focus the new entry correctly
